0.15 Release Notes: Animation Events (#1829)
bevyengine/bevy-website: release-content/0.15/release-notes/15538_Add_Support_for_Triggering_Events_via_AnimationEvents.md

<!-- Add Support for Triggering Events via `AnimationEvent`s -->
<!-- https://github.com/bevyengine/bevy/pull/15538 -->

> Sometimes it is useful for animations to drive game logic. In **Bevy 0.15** we've added "animation event" support to [`AnimationClip`], which means that you can trigger a specific [`Event`] at a given point in time during [`AnimationClip`] playback:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Triggering gameplay events when animations start or finish is a common pattern for synchronizing the visual and mechanical parts of your game. In **Bevy 0.15** we've added "animation event" support to [`AnimationClip`], which means that you can trigger a specific [`Event`] at a given point in time during [`AnimationClip`] playback:
```

Author: "Start or finish" is too specific / doesn't cover the full scope. It would be better to say "at a given point in time". But unfortunately I've already said that, so it feels repetitive.
